(DESCENDING MUSIC PLAYING)
(VOICES WHISPERING)
(WHISPERING CONTINUES)
(DESCENDING MUSIC CONTINUES)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(MUSIC FADES OUT)
(LIVELY CHATTER)
(ELFRYDA SPEAKING GERMAN)
(MEN GRUNTING)
(MAN PANTING)
(WATER SPLASHING)
(ANNAGRET WAILING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(LIVELY CHATTER)
(RUDOLF SINGING LULLABY)
(BOY 1 SPEAKING)
(BOY 2 SPEAKING)
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING
IN DISTANCE)
(MAN TALKING IN DISTANCE)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(CLAUS SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG AND DAUGHTERS
SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF LAUGHS)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(INGE SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(BOYS SHOUTING)
(HEDWIG GASPS. EXCLAIMS)
- (RUDOLF SPEAKING)
- (ANNAGRET CRYING)
(CHILDREN LAUGH)
(RUDOLF SINGING BOATING SONG)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(GASPS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN DISTANCE)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING
(TRAIN APPROACHING)
(MEN SHOUTING IN DISTANCE)
(ANNAGRET CRYING)
(DILLA WHINING)
(ANNAGRET WAILING)
(WHINING)
(BARKING)
(ANNAGRET WAILING)
(OFFICER 1 SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(MAN SPEAKING)
(MAN 2 SPEAKING)
(CONVERSATION CONTINUES
INDISTINCTLY)
(WOMAN SPEAKING)
(WOMAN 2 LAUGHS)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(WOMAN 1 SPEAKING)
(LAUGHTER)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(WOMAN 1 SPEAKING)
(WOMAN 2 SPEAKING)
(WOMAN 2 LAUGHS. SPEAKING)
(WOMAN 1 SPEAKING)
(LAUGHTER)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(WOMAN 2 SPEAKING)
(BARKING)
Shh!
(DILLA WHINING)
(OFFICERS SPEAKING)
(DILLA BARKS. WHINING)
(GUNSHOTS IN DISTANCE)
(OFFICER SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF THANKING)
(OFFICER 2 SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(OFFICER 3 SPEAKING)
(OFFICER SHOUTING
INDISTINCTLY IN DISTANCE)
(IMITATING BIRD CALL)
(OFFICER CONTINUES
SHOUTING IN DISTANCE)
(OFFICER SHOUTING)
(SHOUTING CONTINUES)
- (ANNAGRET CRYING)
- (RUDOLF COOING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(ANNAGRET WAILING)
RUDOLF: Mmm. Mmm!
RUDOLF: Hmm?
(MEN SHOUTING IN DISTANCE)
(HANS SPEAKING)
CLAUS: Hmm?
(CLAUS SPEAKING)
(HANS SPEAKING)
(HANS GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING)
(CLOCK CHIMING)
(CHIMING STOPS)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(HEIDERAUD SPEAKING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
RUDOLF: Mmm-hmm.
(LAUGHING)
HEDWIG: Mmm-hmm.
(BOTH SNORTING)
- (TRAIN DOOR CRASHES OPEN)
- (STEAM TRAIN HISSING)
(WOMEN SHRIEKING)
- (WOMAN SHOUTING)
- (BABY WAILING)
(DOGS BARKING)
- (WOMAN SHOUTING
INDISTINCTLY) - (GUNSHOT)
(CHILDREN SHRIEKING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(MAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(MAN SHOUTING)
(WOMAN SHOUTING)
CHILD: (CRYING) Papa...
- (CHILD WAILING)
- (MAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(INGE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(BRACHT SPEAKING)
(INGE SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(GRUNTS)
(HANS CHANTING)
(INGE CHANTING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(INGE SCREAMS)
(RAIN PATTERING)
(HANS SPEAKING)
(MARTA SPEAKING)
- (HANS SPEAKING)
- (INGE CRIES)
(MARTA SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF BLOWING NOSE)
(HANS SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(HANS AND MARTA
TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
(HANS CRYING)
(ANNOUNCER SPEAKING ON RADIO)
(DILLA WHINING)
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
(RADIO TURNS OFF)
(ANNAGRET COOING LOUDLY)
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
(ANNAGRET CRYING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
- (HEDWIG'S MOTHER SPEAKING)
- (HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(BOTH EXCLAIMING)
(IMITATING GUNFIRE)
- (BANGING LOUDLY)
- (YELLING)
(DILLA BARKING)
(BOYS SHOUTING
IN DISTANCE)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(SIGHS)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
HEDWIG'S MOTHER:
Mmm-hmm. Mmm.
(HEDWIG'S MOTHER SPEAKING)
(URGING)
(CHUCKLES)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(CHILDREN SHOUTING EXCITEDLY)
(HEDWIG'S MOTHER SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG'S MOTHER SPEAKING.
LAUGHING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(HANS AND INGE CHATTING)
(HEDWIG'S MOTHER GASPS)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG'S MOTHER LAUGHING)
(COUGHING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
(DOGS BARKING)
(DILLA BARKING)
(MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY
IN DISTANCE)
(WOMEN SCREAMING IN DISTANCE)
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
(WOMAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY
IN DISTANCE)
(WOMAN SCREAMING
(HEIDERAUD SPEAKING)
(GIRLS LAUGHING)
(GIRLS SCREAMING IN DISTANCE)
(ANNAGRET CRYING)
(APPLAUSE IN DISTANCE)
HEIDERAUD: Ow! (WINCES)
(TRAIN APPROACHING)
- (CARNIVAL MUSIC PLAYING)
- (LIVELY CHATTER)
(CHILD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
(TRAIN CHUGGING IN DISTANCE)
- (WATER SPLASHING)
- (CHILDREN LAUGHING)
(ANNAGRET CRYING)
(PANTING)
(SHOUTING)
(DILLA WHINING)
(MEN SHOUTING IN DISTANCE)
(GUNSHOTS IN DISTANCE)
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
Rudolf.
(SNIFFLING)
(TEARFULLY)
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
(HEDWIG CLEARS THROAT)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
Huh?
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
(COUGHING)
(GUNSHOTS IN DISTANCE)
(WOMAN SCREAMING IN DISTANCE)
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(INGE AND HANS SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(HEIDERAUD SPEAKING)
(UTENSILS CLINKING)
(FIRE ROARING IN DISTANCE)
(ANNAGRET CRYING)
(COUGHS)
(FIRE ROARING IN DISTANCE)
(MEN SHOUTING IN DISTANCE)
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(GUNSHOTS IN DISTANCE)
(GRUNTS)
(INGE SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF SHUSHING)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SWITCH CLICKS)
(RUDOLF SPEAKING)
(TRAIN CHUGGING)
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
(TRAIN WHEELS SQUEALING)
(TRAIN CHUGGING DISTANTLY)
(METAL CLANKING)
- (MEN CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
- (PIG SNORTING)
(DOGS BARKING DISTANTLY)
(WOMAN CRYING. SHOUTING)
(WOMAN CONTINUES
CRYING. SHOUTING)
(WOMAN SPEAKING IN POLISH)
(MAN NARRATING IN YIDDISH)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(LAMP CLANKS)
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(GENTLE PIANO PLAYING)
(WIND BLOWING)
(SPEAKING IN GERMAN)
- Heil Hitler.
(INGE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(MARTA SPEAKING)
(DISHES CLINKING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(HEDWIG SIGHS)
- (SOPHIE SPEAKING)
- (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(SOPHIE SPEAKING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(DOOR CLOSING)
(CUTLERY CLANKING)
(FAINT MUSIC PLAYING
OVER RADIO)
(CLOCK CHIMING)
(MEN SHOUTING DISTANTLY)
(WATER DRIPPING)
(MARTA SPEAKING)
(INGE SPEAKING)
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
(WOOD CREAKING. THUDS)
(DILLA BARKING DISTANTLY)
(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
(GUARD SPEAKING)
(COMMANDANT SPEAKING)
(INDISTINCT SCREAMING)
(GUARD SPEAKING)
(COMMANDANT SPEAKING)
(MAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
- (ENGINE REVVING)
- (COMMANDANT YELLING)
(HORSES GALLOPING)
- (GUNSHOT)
- (COMMANDANT SPEAKING)
(HORSES GALLOPING)
(PLAYING MARCHING BAND MUSIC)
(WOMAN SPEAKING)
(RUDOLF CHUCKLES)
(MAN ANNOUNCING OVER SPEAKERS)
(OFFICER READING)
(POHL SPEAKING)
- (OFFICER SPEAKING)
- (ALL SLAMMING ON TABLE)
(MAURER SPEAKING)
(ALL SPEAKING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(HANS SPEAKING)
(CLAUS SPEAKING)
(SNEEZES)
(HANS SINGING INDISTINCTLY)
(HANS YELLING)
(GRUNTS)
(CLAUS CHUCKLES)
(HISSING THROUGH TEETH)
(HANS WHINING)
(MAN ANNOUNCING OVER SPEAKERS)
(OFFICER 1 SPEAKING)
(GLUCKS SPEAKING)
RUDOLPH: Uh-huh.
(MAURER SPEAKING)
(GLUCKS SPEAKING)
MAURER: Mmm.
(DOCTOR SPEAKING)
(RUDOLPH SPEAKING)
(INDISTINCT MURMURING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING OVER PHONE)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
(LAUGHTER)
(STRING QUARTET MUSIC PLAYING)
(GUESTS LAUGHING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(OFFICERS CHEERING)
(GUESTS APPLAUDING)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(STRING QUARTET MUSIC
CONTINUES PLAYING)
(OFFICERS LAUGHING)
(MAN COUGHING)
(STRING QUARTET MUSIC
CONTINUES PLAYING)
(GUESTS APPLAUDING)
(SILENCE)
(RUDOLPH SPEAKING)
(HEDWIG SPEAKING)
HEDWIG: Mmm-hmm.
RUDOLPH: Hmm.
(DOOR CLOSES. LOCKS)
(RUDOLPH RETCHING. GAGGING)
(SPITS)
(RETCHING. GAGGING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
- (WOMEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
- (KEYS JANGLING)
(WHEELS CLATTERING)
(VACUUM CLEANER WHIRRING)
(WHIRRING CONTINUES)
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(FOOTSTEPS CONTINUE RECEDING)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(EERIE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(DISCORDANT VOICES VOCALIZING)
(EERIE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC FADES OUT)
(SILENCE)